hey guys I got an unboxing for you today
this these are the 8 inch subwoofers
that I just got my Rockford Fosgate
these are the punch stage 2 and I got
the 2 own version so these are dual
voice coil which means you know check
your wiring patterns that you would that
would work well with your hamp before
you buy them to know if you need to buy
you know a 2 ohm or a forum setup but
I'm running two subs in this box over
here and running my hamp at 2 ohms so I
went ahead and got my 2 ohm subs and I'm
going to run it in a parallel and series
combination wiring style now you'll
notice that in most of my videos I don't
actually leave the things in the boxes
because it just takes too long but this
is what you'll see when you first open
it up and then I just pull the sub out
it comes in a nice plastic wrap just to
protect it and then make sure that you
pull this out you'll see that they've
put markings there pull the styrofoam
out because this trim piece is
underneath and it would be ashamed to
throw that away
also the screws and the specialty tool
it's just a X type deal because these
screws aren't standard they're just they
have the tool for them which is
different and unique but I guess it
prevents stripping hopefully is the idea
now these are the 8 inch version like I
said earlier they come in 8 10 12 and 15
inches let's see here is the manual that
it comes with which is pretty nice they
go over all the specifications for the
box sizes sealed ported whatever you
might want to build it gives you all of
the handling and all that I got these
these are 250 watt RMS 500 peak and I
got
them and then I'm wiring them to a 500
watt RMS amp at 2 ohms so this works
perfectly and then you can see they give
you all the different wiring options
just make sure that you pick the right
one for your setup so the of course my
more in-depth review will come after
I've messed with these for a little bit
and actually plugged them in but when
you first pull them out they're
significantly heavy I've owned some 12
inch subs before that weren't quite I
mean they're about the same weight
you'll notice that these are actually
decently deep for the diameter the depth
mounting depth is 4.75 or you know give
or take a little bit so they're decently
shallow but they're definitely not
qualified as shallow mount subs they're
just small the cutout diameter is 7.21
inches so really they don't take up too
much and each sub woofer only needs 0.6
cubic feet of box open air space volume
so for two subs you know I really wasn't
taking up too much trunk space which is
good because I have a hatchback so the
material up here this is soft rubber and
the cone is a harder plastic and the
center is some force form of a molded
plastic rubberized plastic type so they
look like they should flex pretty well I
do like the look of them they're very
sharp looking and they're clean nothing
too fancy and they don't have giant
logos on them so they can be you know
they they don't have to draw too much
attention if you don't like that they
were I can't speak too much about the
Flex because I don't really want to poke
them right now because it probably won't
be the best thing for them but this is
just one of the voice coils the same
thing on the other side as kind of
interesting I guess to save space and
not have a strand of four of the
terminals for the voice coils over here
they put one voice coil on one side and
one on the other side which
when you want to run you know you want
to run a series or parallel whatever
combination you're doing you may have
one run one from here to the other side
the grab the black on the other side and
vice versa depending on how you wire
them but they're the push button slide
them in and then release those are very
nice I don't know how big a gauge wire
they hold but it feels like should
probably take up to about 14 or maybe 12
gauge speaker wiring so we'll see about
that I'll keep you guys updated as I get
further along you can kind of see the
actual I'm not quite sure I forget what
that's called but it looks like mesh is
red on the inside but you won't be
saying that unless you do an inverted
mount inside the sub box so other than
that these are pretty great they're
about 70 dollars a piece I've heard
great things about them and I'll keep
you updated as soon as I get them wired
in so thanks for watching and let me
know if you have any more questions okay
so those last five minutes may have not
been exactly what you're looking for I
promise that I will be reviewing them in
their entirety this is more of like an
overview type video so anyway I'm going
to be wiring them with this one right
here I have a 2 ohm so I'm running a
series and then I'm going to put them in
parallel and if you look back here I did
mention the gauge of wiring that you
could use they fitted really nicely and
they're actually snug so they have no
chance of pulling not really I'm
actually using
14-gauge right now and it fit in no
problem so I think you could do 12 maybe
even 10 gauge then again you're only
using 250 watts to each of these subs so
I don't I think this ought to be good
enough of what I'm wanting to do the
magnet on the back is actually
significantly has some significant
weight to it and which you know normally
means the heavier the magnet the better
able sub sounds than just a general
statement but I'll do a little bit
another clip here real quick once I drop
them in here and finish wiring them and
see how they look on my unpainted box
that will hopefully be painted soon
okay so I got these in my box so the
next thing we do is go wire up my amp
and then take care of the rest of that
type of wiring then I'll be able to tell
you guys how they actually sound you can
see they sit pretty nicely and then get
the trim here and that's what they look
like so pretty nice pretty clean simple
and the hardest part of installing these
things was getting two strands of 14
gauge wire to go into the same same
receiver for one of the voice coils
because of the way I wired it I had to
put two wires into one slot so as the
hardest part other than that everything
is very easy and very fast so these
we're pretty nice so far
most of the molding looks pretty decent
there's a few parts you can see around
here how its kind of shiny and Dave
that's just a glue which is okay as long
as it's not on the actual speaker itself
and that that stuff doesn't melt so I'll
take it through the full break-in cycle
and then let you guys know how it went
and how they sell